docs: MCP streamable HTTP endpoint instead of PyPI package (#1712)
langflow-ai/openrag: docs/docs/reference/api-sdk-overview.mdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: OpenRAG SDK and MCP references
```

Use the OpenRAG SDKs to interact with OpenRAG programmatically or integrate OpenRAG into an application:

> * [MCP server](/reference/mcp) — connect MCP clients to OpenRAG's built-in streamable-HTTP endpoint. The standalone `openrag-mcp` package is deprecated; use the built-in endpoint instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [MCP server (streamable-HTTP endpoint) README](https://github.com/langflow-ai/openrag/tree/main/sdks/mcp)

   The standalone `openrag-mcp` package is deprecated; use the built-in endpoint instead.

```
